hi dad hi sweetheart
I know how eager you are to be married
but maybe that's not your calling it's
going on sister Alessandra so I like
daydreaming about some guy that's gonna
magically come and take her away from
here
did you just smile are you I don't know
why is he smiling who is that I don't
know especially that one sister Fernanda
sister Alessandra sister Maria
giving your standards bling-bling
do my own thing piece of language
but I mean they called me a joke
lustfulness homosexuality you know
you're a nice wake up milk this is what
he said how to live God send its nuts
with another man's wife one of these
thinks he's quite the gesture but
you little the sticks you hear
what I stand girls can be tough I'm not
gonna lie they can be very tough wide
this is a Turner physical you
can attack people respect my living
bling do my own thing be true that
you've never been touched by man no no
it's the greatest pleasure on earth
looking out for my mama and my fav one
a mortal sin you wouldn't get in
hasn't see any person is wrong
the longer booth I've ever had apostasy
abusive language caressed a trembling
eating blood do you think I've ever
written down the meeting blood being
born where am I
[Music]
you